Hash command (#399)
sunodo/sunodo: README.md

-   `deploy` applications to a cloud provider
-   `monitor` application already running on a cloud provider
-   `doctor` verify the minimal requirements for the Sunodo CLI commands

> -   `hash` prints out image hash generated by the build command

Reviewer: It would be nice to be more specific that this hash is the `templateHash` of the snapshot, since the container image also has a hash and this could led to confusion.

Not sure about the best wording here, if `tempalteHash` or just `hash` or `snapshot hash`.

```suggestion
-   `hash` prints out Cartesi Machine tempalteHash generated by the build command
```

Reviewer 2: Agree, just you added a typo there
